Add documentation on `mask_points` behaviour (#1433)
pace-neutrons/Horace: documentation/user_docs/docs/manual/Reshaping_etc.rst

- ``xremove`` is the range of display axes to remove. Follows the same format as
  ``xkeep``.

.. warning::

   It should be noted that masking through the ``xkeep`` and ``xremove``

>    arguments masks data based on the bin-centres and not through any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   arguments will mask data based on the bin-centres and not through any
```
Issue here is that `masks` can be read as a noun, which is confusing. This makes a verb explicit

   intersection of any bin-edges. This means that for a 1-D case where:

   .. code-block:: matlab

      bins = [1 2 3 4] % <- Defines bin-centres at: [1.5, 2.5, 3.5]
      mask_points(w, 'keep', [1.7, 3.51])

>    Will remove the first bin because even though ``1.7`` lies within the first

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   will remove the first bin because even though ``1.7`` lies within the first
```
